# Attendance Management System
## CheckAttendance.py

#### Author: Hubert Waleńczak
### Description

This simple Python script compares students logged in with a mobile app against a student group and outputs a file with the date that students were logged on. The script relies on two essential CSV files: 'Students.csv,' which contains student names and a column with unique student numbers ('student_number'), and 'data.csv,' which stores data extracted from PowerBI.
Requirements

    pandas
    'Students.csv' file with students' information
    'data.csv' file with data extracted from PowerBI

### Operational Notes

Ensure that both 'Students.csv' and 'data.csv' are present and correctly formatted.

### Example Usage
python script_name.py

## AttendanceResult.py

#### Author: Hubert Waleńczak
### Description

This script is designed to generate and save a CSV file containing attendance records for each day. It operates on CSV files located in the 'Attendance' folder, with each file named after the corresponding date generated by the 'CheckAttendance.py' script. The attendance records are based on a master CSV file named 'Students.csv,' which should include students' names and a column named 'student_number' with their unique identifiers.
### Requirements

    pandas
    'Students.csv' file with students' information
    'Attendance' folder containing CSV files named after the date

### Arguments

    --name [output_file_name]: Specify the name of the output file (without '.csv') to save the attendance records. Default: 'BlockAttendance'

### Example Usage

python script_name.py --name BlockA

-----
This repository contains Python scripts for managing and analyzing student attendance. Feel free to use, modify, and contribute to enhance the functionality of these scripts.
